Doc: document pending deprecation procedure (#29375)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/devel/api_changes.rst

* **expire:** API *is* changed as described in the introduction period

This ensures that users are notified before the change will take effect and thus
prevents unexpected breaking of code. Occasionally deprecations are marked as
**pending**, which means that the deprecation will be introduced in a future release.

> Pending deprecations are noted in the documentation but do not raise a warning to the
> user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See :ref:`pending-deprecation`.
```

Rules
^^^^^
- Deprecations are targeted at the next :ref:`meso release <pr-milestones>` (e.g. 3.Y)
- Deprecated API is generally removed (expired) two point-releases after introduction
  of the deprecation. Longer deprecations can be imposed by core developers on
  a case-by-case basis to give more time for the transition
- The old API must remain fully functional during the deprecation period
- If alternatives to the deprecated API exist, they should be available
  during the deprecation period

> - If the deprecation is introduced as part of implementing an alternative, then it
>   should be marked pending.

Reviewer: I suggest to leave this out for now.
```suggestion
```

     instead. For removed items that were not in the stub file, only deleting from the
     allowlist is required.

.. _pending-deprecation:

Pending deprecations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> If the deprecation is introduced as part of implementing an alternative, then the
> deprecation is marked as pending and introduced one meso release after the feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pending are an announcement that a deprecation will happen in the future. By default, pending deprecations
do not raise a warning to the user. They are primarily intended as a heads-up to give time to adapt before
a deprecation warning will be issued. This is in particular useful for downstream libraries. They can adapt
before their code raises a warning. This is a service to users of the downstream libraries, because they cannot
act on the warning and thus should ideally not be bothered by it.

Pending deprecations still show up in the documentation and release notes. It's also possible to run
Python in dev mode to raise `PendingDeprecationWarning`.
```

> For example, if the feature is released in 3.Y, then code that should be deprecated
> because of the feature is marked with the appropriate deprecation decorator and
> the following settings:
> * the *pending* parameter is set to ``True``
> * the *removal* parameter is left blank

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To mark a deprecation as pending, set the following parameters on the appropriate
deprecation decorator:
* the *pending* parameter is set to ``True``
* the *removal* parameter is left blank
```

> Once the version with the feature (e.g. 3.Y) has been released, the pending deprecation
> is introduced. The decorator should be updated such that:
> * *pending* is set to ``False``
> * *since* is set to the next meso release (3.Y+1)
> * *removal* is set to at least 2 versions after (3.Y+3) introduction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When switching from peding to an actual deprecation, the decorator should
be updated such that:
* *pending* is set to ``False``
* *since* is set to the next meso release (3.Y+1)
* *removal* is set to at least 2 versions after (3.Y+3) introduction.
```
